Updated formatting in "Persistent Volumes" & "Storage Classes" (#19575)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

{{% capture overview %}}

> This document describes the current state of Persistent Volumes in Kubernetes. Familiarity with [volumes](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) is suggested.

Reviewer: This could work:
```suggestion
This document describes the current state of _persistent volumes_ in Kubernetes. Familiarity with [volumes](/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/) is suggested.
```

## Introduction

Managing storage is a distinct problem from managing compute instances. The PersistentVolume subsystem provides an API for users and administrators that abstracts details of how storage is provided from how it is consumed. To do this, we introduce two new API resources:  PersistentVolume and PersistentVolumeClaim.

A PersistentVolume (PV) is a piece of storage in the cluster that has been provisioned by an administrator or dynamically provisioned using [Storage Classes](/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/). It is a resource in the cluster just like a node is a cluster resource. PVs are volume plugins like Volumes, but have a lifecycle independent of any individual Pod that uses the PV. This API object captures the details of the implementation of the storage, be that NFS, iSCSI, or a cloud-provider-specific storage system.

A PersistentVolumeClaim (PVC) is a request for storage by a user. It is similar to a Pod. Pods consume node resources and PVCs consume PV resources. Pods can request specific levels of resources (CPU and Memory).  Claims can request specific size and access modes (e.g., they can be mounted once read/write or many times read-only).

> While `PersistentVolumeClaims` allow a user to consume abstract storage resources, it is common that users need `PersistentVolumes` with varying properties, such as performance, for different problems. Cluster administrators need to be able to offer a variety of `PersistentVolumes` that differ in more ways than just size and access modes, without exposing users to the details of how those volumes are implemented. For these needs, there is the StorageClass resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While PersistentVolumeClaims allow a user to consume abstract storage resources, it is common that users need PersistentVolumes with varying properties, such as performance, for different problems. Cluster administrators need to be able to offer a variety of PersistentVolumes that differ in more ways than just size and access modes, without exposing users to the details of how those volumes are implemented. For these needs, there is the _StorageClass_ resource.
```

#### Dynamic

When none of the static PVs the administrator created match a user's PersistentVolumeClaim,
the cluster may try to dynamically provision a volume specially for the PVC.

> This provisioning is based on `StorageClasses`: the PVC must request a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This provisioning is based on StorageClasses: the PVC must request a
```

Pods use claims as volumes. The cluster inspects the claim to find the bound volume and mounts that volume for a Pod. For volumes that support multiple access modes, the user specifies which mode is desired when using their claim as a volume in a Pod.

> Once a user has a claim and that claim is bound, the bound PV belongs to the user for as long as they need it. Users schedule Pods and access their claimed PVs by including a persistentVolumeClaim in their Pod's volumes block. [See below for syntax details](#claims-as-volumes).

Reviewer: This would actually work better as:
```suggestion
Once a user has a claim and that claim is bound, the bound PV belongs to the user for as long as they need it. Users schedule Pods and access their claimed PVs by including a `persistentVolumeClaim` section in a Pod's `volumes` block. See [Claims As Volumes](#claims-as-volumes) for more details on this.
```

> Once a user has a claim and that claim is bound, the bound PV belongs to the user for as long as they need it. Users schedule Pods and access their claimed PVs by including a `persistentVolumeClaim` section in a Pod's `volumes` block. [Claims As Volumes](#claims-as-volumes) for more details on this.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Once a user has a claim and that claim is bound, the bound PV belongs to the user for as long as they need it. Users schedule Pods and access their claimed PVs by including a `persistentVolumeClaim` section in a Pod's `volumes` block. See [Claims As Volumes](#claims-as-volumes) for more details on this.
```

You can only resize volumes containing a file system if the file system is XFS, Ext3, or Ext4.

When a volume contains a file system, the file system is only resized when a new Pod is using

> the PersistentVolumeClaim in ReadWrite mode. File system expansion is either done when a Pod is starting up

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
the PersistentVolumeClaim in `ReadWrite` mode. File system expansion is either done when a Pod is starting up
```

    storage: 5Gi
  volumeMode: Filesystem
  accessModes:

>     - `Once

Reviewer 2: Is this correct?

Reviewer 3: and there is no access mode called `ReadWriteOnce`.

### Access Modes

A PersistentVolume can be mounted on a host in any way supported by the resource provider. As shown in the table below, providers will have different capabilities and each PV's access modes are set to the specific modes supported by that particular volume.  For example, NFS can support multiple read/write clients, but a specific NFS PV might be exported on the server as read-only. Each PV gets its own set of access modes describing that specific PV's capabilities.

The access modes are:

> * `Once -- the volume can be mounted as read-write by a single node

Reviewer 3: Looks like these are nits introduced by a global replace operation. Please change it back.

Support for the additional plugins was added in 1.10.
{{< /note >}}

> ### PersistentVolume using a Raw Block Volume

Reviewer: To keep incoming links working, do this:
```suggestion
### PersistentVolume using a Raw Block Volume {#persistent-volume-using-a-raw-block-volume}
```

    lun: 0
    readOnly: false
```

> ### PersistentVolumeClaim requesting a Raw Block Volume

Reviewer: To keep incoming links working, do this:
```suggestion
### PersistentVolumeClaim requests a Raw Block Volume {#persistent-volume-claim-requesting-a-raw-block-volume}
```

To enable support for restoring a volume from a volume snapshot data source, enable the
`VolumeSnapshotDataSource` feature gate on the apiserver and controller-manager.

> ### Create PersistentVolumeClaim from Volume Snapshot

Reviewer: To keep incoming links working, do something like this:
```suggestion
### Create a PersistentVolumeClaim from a Volume Snapshot  {#create-persistent-volume-claim-from-volume-snapshot}
```

To enable support for cloning a volume from a PVC data source, enable the
`VolumePVCDataSource` feature gate on the apiserver and controller-manager.

> ### Create PersistentVolumeClaim from an existing pvc

Reviewer: To keep incoming links working, do something like this:
```suggestion
### Create a PersistentVolumeClaim from an existing PVC  {#create-persistent-volume-claim-from-an-existing-pvc}
```
